now having seen her adopted child
regenerate her body Tecton a scientist
and Explorer had a new landscape to
explore she dedicated her life to
studying her child detailed every
fragment of genetic material took her
years several of the child's
regeneration
Tector you grew older the desire to
understand became an obsession she
worked tirelessly endlessly furiously
she had to practice code to understand
regeneration and finally she did
and to prove herself right she took the
alternate risk
tested the theory on herself put her own
life on the line
[Music]
spliced into herself
to regenerate I didn't know any of this
did you know any of this nearly there
the planet of Gallifrey of all
Sheboygan's grew in knowledge and
ability they built themselves as sit at
home
they discovered the ability to travel
through time as well as space with tech
taehyun they became a self-appointed
ruling elite and tech team proposed that
he gene-spliced the ability to
regenerate into future generations of
Citadel dwellers it would become the
genetic inheritance of them and their
descendants but he would restrict the
regenerative process to a maximum of 12
times the timeless child became the base
genetic code for all Gallifrey uns
within the Citadel the civilization
which renamed themselves with
characteristic capacity time
fondly
had become the founder the rest as they
say is history what happened to the
child
[Music]
what also funny what happened to the
child
well doctor really haven't you worked
this out yet
the child is you
[Music]
you are the timeless child yeah you
always have been
[Applause]
don't forget to click below and
subscribe to the official Doctor Who
YouTube channel
[Music]